PRESSURE ENGINE: A false security warning triggers Simon to call a service who intercepts and copies both personal and operational data. The service sends the drive back with no indication of theft, though the seal has been broken in the process.
OFFER: Esther discovers the seal has been compromised, immediately recognizing Simon's name on the false emergency. She picks up the drive and carefully examines it to verify her fears.
COUNTEROFFER: Esther sets the drive beside Simon's hand and quietly tells him their home may no longer be secure.
EMBODIED ENGINE: Both must examine the copied drive carefully without damaging the data or the housing. While Esther does most of the physical interaction, Simon's hands hover close enough to provide silent support without interference.
MODE ENGINE: Explicit intimacy is negotiated as a series of choices in the midst of potential exposure; both characters set clear boundaries and listen to their partner's signals, leading to an intimate exchange of warmth that allows a final emotional breakthrough.
REVERSAL: The intimate act exposes another layer of risk Esther did not mention earlier, revealing she has compromised herself by allowing a witness.
IMAGE SYSTEM: Bright emergency red contrasting with pale flesh.
ENDING MOTION: Simon retrieves a paper from her sleeve; her eyes hold his as he reads.
END PROPOSAL

PROPOSAL 2
PRESSURE ENGINE: A secure drive has been opened and its contents read through a technical exploit. A rival intelligence service sent a notice claiming Simon had used the drive's secure portal, though he has never operated it personally. The technical notice is in response to what they think is Simon's security protocol error. Simon was supposed to make this technical error as part of their previous operation plan, so he sees it as just the service getting confused and sent in the wrong replacement. However, the technical service opened the drive to check for errors and the technical error is clearly marked in the report. The report included a photo of Esther's face and the new replacement drive.
OFFER: Simon has never touched the secure drive and the report says Esther "used" it by clicking a link on an email attachment.
COUNTEROFFER: The rival intelligence service saw Simon's plan to create a paper trail through his security protocol breach.
EMBODIED ENGINE: Simon discovers the drive has been compromised while removing it from its secure box, where only Esther and he have access. She walks up beside him and carefully picks up the drive. Simon can see that Esther is in danger of the rival intelligence service exploiting this situation.
MODE ENGINE: Married-intimacy
REVERSAL: Esther says nothing while touching the drive with Simon. Simon discovers a photo of a location related to the operation where he thought he killed a key intelligence informant.
IMAGE SYSTEM: A bright flash of blue light followed by Simon's hands dropping down to Esther's hip. A moment of complete stillness before their mouths touch.
ENDING MOTION: After the intimacy, Esther slips the copied drive from beneath a sofa cushion and Simon sees it's a replacement unit. Simon looks at the secure drive on the bed and understands the compromise.
END PROPOSAL

PROPOSAL 3
PRESSURE ENGINE: During Simon and Esther's dangerous separation, a rival intelligence service tried to break into the secure drive to copy sensitive mission-related data. Simon and Esther believed the secure drive was safe and still inside its secured protective housing. Esther recovered the secure drive from its protective housing to replace it. Simon, believing it's still secure, gives it to Esther in order to store it. As Esther opens the lid to the protective housing, the secure drive's internal warning systems alert her of data breach attempt and she is now in the midst of dealing with the breach. Simon doesn't know the breach is taking place as Esther is handling the secure drive with him in her room. Esther sees there are still physical traces on the housing of the secured drive but is afraid to touch them in order not to further contaminate the secure drive.
OFFER: As the physical traces have left a light dust pattern on the drive's housing, Esther is forced to carefully examine them in order to